Some phase1 refactoring (#1854)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase1/beacon-chain.md

    assert slashed_any
```

#### Verify empty shard transition

```python
def verify_empty_shard_transition(state: BeaconState, block_body: BeaconBlockBody) -> None:
    """

>     Verify that a `shard_transition` in a block is empty if an attestation was not processed for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Verify that `shard_transition`s are empty if a crosslink was not formed for the associated shard in this slot
```
